added deregisterAllFonts to readme (#2328)
Automattic/node-canvas: Readme.md

The second argument is an object with properties that resemble the CSS properties that are specified in `@font-face` rules. You must specify at least `family`. `weight`, and `style` are optional and default to `'normal'`.

### deregisterAllFonts()

> ```ts
> deregisterAllFonts() => void
> ```

> Use deregisterAllFonts If you registered font and need to remove it, for example if you use canvas in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use deregisterAllFonts if you registered font and need to remove it, for example if you use canvas in tests.
```

Reviewer: hmm perhaps this description makes it sound like you can deregister a specific font? I believe the api will deregister all previously added fonts

Author: @michaeljherrmann do you think it's better?

'Use `deregisterAllFonts` to unregister all fonts that have been previously registered. This method is useful when you want to remove all registered fonts, such as when using the canvas in tests'

Author: updated

> Use deregisterAllFonts If you registered font and need to remove it, for example if you use canvas in tests.

Author: ```suggestion
Use `deregisterAllFonts` to unregister all fonts that have been previously registered. This method is useful when you want to remove all registered fonts, such as when using the canvas in tests
```
